Clarify IndexedDB version number integer/floating point warning (#43057)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/indexeddb_api/using_indexeddb/index.md

The second parameter to the open method is the version of the database. The version of the database determines the database schema — the object stores in the database and their structure. If the database doesn't already exist, it is created by the `open` operation, then an `onupgradeneeded` event is triggered and you create the database schema in the handler for this event. If the database does exist but you are specifying an upgraded version number, an `onupgradeneeded` event is triggered straight away, allowing you to provide an updated schema in its handler. More on this later in [Creating or updating the version of the database](#creating_or_updating_the_version_of_the_database) below, and the {{ domxref("IDBFactory.open") }} reference page.

> [!WARNING]

> > Version numbers are integers, so the JavaScript floating point value passed is subject to rounding. This means 2 and 2.4 are treated as the same version number, for example, so attempting to upgrade between these versions wouldn't fire an `onupgradeneeded` event. Because of this, only use integers as version numbers. Also be aware of the [range of integers](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number#number_encoding) representable by JavaScript numbers when working with large version numbers.

Reviewer: Good catch. We shouldn't talk about floating point either. They are just numbers.

```suggestion
> Version numbers are integers, and any real numbers that are passed will be rounded — for example, values of 2.1 and 2.4 are both rounded to the version number "2".
> Attempting to upgrade between real numbers that round to the same version will not fire an `onupgradeneeded` event.
> Please also note the [range of integers](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number#number_encoding) representable by JavaScript numbers when working with large version numbers.
```

Author: Nice, I like this. I pushed a revision that incorporates your proposal with a few tweaks.
